No matter how great your body looks, there's something pathetic, desperate and trashy about a woman that old acting like that!!
The bad part of the story is the dumb redneck Republicans, like yourself.
Not sure if these folks are sociopaths like you, though, so you're probably a downgrade from them...
if she won't sleep with you, you could probably just force yourself on her and any reasonable judge would take that tattoo as a permission to date rape stamp
Holder = Peice of Shit
Obama = Fucked Up Sociopath
SO IS A SKUNK HALF BLACK AND HALF WHITE AND THEY BOTH STINK. WHY DO B L A C K PEOPLE STINK, SO BLIND PEOPLE CAN H A T E THEM TOO. LOL
I wonder if that'd stand up in court. "He might have killed someone, but fuck me he can play cricket!" He was a prick.
@David @Cyberduckie You know, if you stick a screw driver in your mouth and bang on your fillings, you might be able to pick up an Easy Listening channel.
If you want to lick Jewish ass, go do it in Jerusalem. but stop using this country you Israel-first traitor.
Parasites that have nothing else better to do then trying to make a valid point to....who????
Nice smelling...er, spelling sphincter
Living here doesn 't make me rich, it makes me pull OT everyday, put up with selfish rude people everywhere, and pay ridiculously high rent for a tiny apartment every month.
"You all, including your son, deserve a slow, painful, and miserable death." That's how Zimmerman stands his ground.
The guy is an idiot if he sticks his dick around without protection.
Yep, and that means that you would have to find another cash cow to suck the teats of...Nothing but a leach so give it up...........
If only it could be your rectum, right?
And you, Dee, are a typical leftist idiot.
Ok I am sorry but why are these idiots still around.
George has been licking the boots of democrats for years.I guess the gene pool comes from that great economic power Greece.They are truly economic geniuses.jail is to good for him
Islam Vs. Judaism:   In 2007 Islam and Judaism's holiest holidays overlapped for 10 days. Muslims racked up 397 dead bodies in 94 terror attacks across 10  countries during this time... while Jews worked on their 159th Nobel Prize.
You take the money, represent the child molester and hold your nose.  You don't try to look like you're enjoying it.
IN THE LIAR'S OWN WORDS:
yes he does my dick is hard  right now  i jacked off to him and pretended that it was someone else i knew
Conservatives are social leeches and the scum of the earth.
another boy could be ANAL RAPED in the locker rooms of Penn State
Joe Paterno let an accused Pedophile roam the campuses free
Stopped caring about my penis size once it became apparent to me the only person that I have to please is myself.  If my dick gets wet why does it matter if she has a good time or not? Yes my small penis has turned me into an inconsiderate dick, but it's either that or crying about it like a school girl all day.
Yes you need to understand how your guy sucked off taxpayers all his life and will till the day he dies.
@mstoogood4yall: wel, you negro's are a TARGET in america you know. you're just a bullseye for the white people to target you.
In pittsburgh pussy ass cops woulda started shooting and killed a innocent by stander...
North Philly niggas dgaf n der cops is soft. . . round here nigga put a glock to your head and not think for a second before blasting your face in nl99@!
This mother fucker still doesn't even have a fucking TITLE! An album allegedly due in 3 weeks, without a single, tracklisting, producers, album art, and a goddamn title. Fuck these videos, 50.
You certainly are as 'right wing' as they come, aren't you?
For someone who lectures on gender tolerance, you sure like to bash others' religions.
I thought I smelled a hypocrite in our midst.
Uncool nigga please i'm a girl you're a dog jaden is mine
Trust me - she is a bitch - and awesome.
From his OWN lyin' mouth as well as his fat sow of a wife pie hole as well.  Moderate, my ass....
right now, scholarships are one year renewable scholarships, making it easier for scumbags like saban to release a kid.
You had some nerve to allow yourself to be brutally raped and tortured by those five grown men.
You have brought shame to this family and we will do everything in our power to have you ostracized and even killed.
And quit trying to pretty up what you say, you wanna say whore...say whore... I've never been a gardening implement.
ANOTHER WHITE  dude murdering his wife......at least he did not molest the little boys as well.
tucker knows better & if immigrant munroe has a problem, go back from whence u came & free up a job 4 a real american!GROW UP! ACT LIKE ADULTS! STOP EMBARRASSING YOURSELF & YOUR COUNTRY!
When he pulled out, it looked like only 2/3 of his dick was wet...dayum! No wonder she was moaning!
Blow it out your ass. Was that straight enough to the point for you sir?
you do realize you just called your mom a whore... real smart
the number of invasions your ancestors were subjected to, the invaders having their ways with your grandmothers, is obvious by your complexion.  Good point.
SHOLAAMEOBI ' WHAT PLANET DO YOU LIVE ON YOU NEED TO GET DOWN TO SPECSAVERS ARE YOU BLIND OR STUPID?
Money & bitches but not before your niggaz. Get the money > Fuck the bitches > & ball wit yo niggaz.... preach my nigga Jones lol
stupid cuz Kara girls always have shorts under skirts or dresses...it's ok I can't see shit anyways! still luv her!
Would someone please send this guy a blow up doll of Obama with a 55 gallon drum of KY and be done with it . . .
One day you'll let your child eat lights naked? You are one sick puppy
I thought that makeup was suppose to make any bitch look better, in her case that's the total opposite.
Have your country found PUNEET PUNEET yet. Your burn our flag. Your country is corrupt and the Indian people are do gs. Pay peanuts and get stupid fken indians
On behalf of all drivers who will get stuck behind the slowpoke in future i would like to say to the girls - Fuck You Very Much.
First of all its the SCOTUS moron
@Dieofnv Like I said: FUCK YOU.   People like you erode press freedom, and I am going to hope for otherwise.
Go Texas they have great American Dads that arent affraid to stand up for what is right and what is right is the fact that the little Bastard isnt going to commit this crime again. Hell I will send some money to him for bail if they pick him up!!!
Muslims want to blow themselves up, let 'em. nI couldn't care less.
Oh great, they're gonna devote time to Santino and Dbl R. FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-
Ohh, so you're a W.Bengal commie then, are you? No wonder you talk like such a sick nut. You people are at war with reality, and even Lefty Mamta is a sanghi to you. Pathetic. Haha, no wonder you fear a pro-development guy like Modi.
I would have gotten out the car and fucked him up
You just went full retard.  Never go full retard.
some fukin sketchers thats sad omg lol fuckin shitty ass sketchers why the fuck are they even named sketchers sketcherz fuckin suck ass
